it's a piece of cake it's very easy to do
break a leg good luck hit the nail on the
head you got it exactly right the ball is
in your court it's your decision now bite
the bullet face a difficult situation
bravely burn the midnight oil work late
into the night caught between a rock and
a hard place in a difficult situation
with no easy solution don't cry over
spilled milk don't waste time worrying
about things that can't be changed it's
not rocket science it's not difficult to
understand a blessing in disguise
something that seems bad at first but
turns out to be good a dime a dozen very
common and not special barking up the
wrong tree pursuing a mistaken or
misguided course of action let the cat
out of the bag reveal a secret the early
bird catches the worm those who act
promptly have an advantage every cloud
has a silver lining there's something
good in every bad situation put all your
eggs in one basket risk everything on a
single venture go the extra mile make a
special effort under the weather feeling
ill or unwell take it with a grain of
salt don't take it too seriously on thin
ice in a risky situation let sleeping
dogs lie don't disturb a situation as it
is the best of both worlds an ideal
situation curiosity killed the cat being
too inquisitive can lead to trouble out
of the frying pan and into the fire
going from a bad situation to a worse one
actions speak louder than words what you
do is more important than what you say
bite off more than you can chew take on a
task that is way too big throw in the
towel give up or surrender the grass is
always greener on the other side people
tend to envy others situations an arm and
a leg very expensive all bark and no bite
someone who talks tough but isn't
aggressive the elephant in the room a big
issue that everyone ignores jump on the
bandwagon join a popular activity or
trend knock on wood say something to
avoid bad luck let the chips fall where
they may accept the consequences of your
actions a penny for your thoughts a way
to ask someone what they are thinking you
can't judge a book by its cover don't
judge based on appearance hit the road
leave or start a journey in hot water in
trouble to have a chip on your shoulder
hold a grudge the sky's the limit there's
no limit to what you can achieve throw
caution to the wind take a risk get out
of hand become uncontrolled keep your
chin up stay positive put your best foot
forward make a good impression make a
long story short tell something briefly
the tip of the iceberg a small part of a
much larger problem you can't have your
cake and eat it too you can't have it
both ways a bird in the hand is worth two
in the bush it's better to have something
than to risk it for more make ends meet
manage to live on a budget make ends meet
manage to live on a budget caught red
-handed caught in the act of doing
something wrong all in the same boat
everyone is facing the same challenge the
straw that broke the camel's back a minor
action that causes a major reaction a
taste of your own medicine when someone
experiences the same unpleasantness they
caused others every rose has its thorn
good things have their drawbacks put the
cart before the horse do things in the
wrong order don't put all your eggs in
one basket don't risk everything on one
venture see eye to eye agree on something
speak of the devil the person we were
just talking about appeared the pot
calling the kettle black criticizing
someone for a fault you have a fish out
of water a person in an uncomfortable
situation cut to the chase get to the
point under the radar not attracting
attention out of the blue unexpectedly
all in a day's work something that is
expected as part of the job it takes two
to tango both parties involved are
responsible hit the ground running start
a project with enthusiasm too good to be
true something that seems wonderful but
probably isn't out of your league beyond
your capabilities a leopard can't change
its spots people can't change their
character the ballpark figure an
estimated range burning the candle at
both ends working too hard without rest
throw someone under the bus betray
someone for your benefit don't count your
chickens before they hatch don't assume
success before it happens hitting the
nail on the head describing exactly what
is causing a situation keep your friends
close and your enemies closer be wary of
those who may do you harm the whole nine
yards everything all the way get your act
together organize yourself know the ropes
understand how things work barking up the
wrong tree pursuing a mistaken course of
action sitting on the fence not making a
decision fell through the cracks
something that was overlooked it's not
the end of the world don't worry it's not
that serious it's all in your head the
problem is psychological a hard nut to
crack a difficult problem jump the gun
act prematurely on the same wavelength
have a similar understanding cry over
spilled milk worry about something that
cannot be changed a stitch in time saves
nine fix a small problem before it
becomes a big one the writing's on the
wall there are signs of trouble ahead cut
corners do something in the easiest way
raining cats and dogs raining heavily get
a taste of your own medicine experience
the same treatment you give others
between a rock and a hard place facing
two difficult choices on cloud nine
extremely happy the whole shebang the
entire situation or collection of things
steal someone's thunder take credit for
someone else's achievements get down to
brass tacks focus on the essentials a
flash in the pan a one -time success that
doesn't last burn the bridges eliminate
the possibility of returning jumping for
joy extremely happy at the end of the day
ultimately don't bite the hand that feeds
you don't harm those who help you get the
ball rolling start something put your
money where your mouth is support your
words with action a penny saved is a
penny earned saving money is as important
as earning it a rolling stone gathers no
moss a person who doesn't settle down
won't accumulate wealth or
responsibilities rolling with the punches
adapting to difficult situations stabbed
in the back betrayed by someone trusted
like finding a needle in a haystack
extremely difficult to find something a
wolf in sheep's clothing someone who
pretends to be harmless but is dangerous
the calm before the storm a quiet period
before chaos what's the matter i didn't
see that coming that's on me we'll figure
it out can i ask you a question i can't
believe it what do you think let me get
back to you i'm not sure about that it
sounds like a plan are you okay i need
some time to think that's a good point
don't worry about it it's not a big deal
i'm really busy right now
can you give me a hand i'm sorry to hear
that what are you up to i appreciate your
help how was your day it's been a long
time i'll take care of it could you
repeat that that's interesting what
happened next i'm looking forward to it
i'm feeling a bit under the weather can
you believe that let's get started it's
time to go i'm here for you let's catch
up soon i'll see you later what do you
want to do i'm really tired today i don't
understand just a moment please what are
your plans i'm just trying to help can
you keep a secret i've had a long day do
you want to grab a bite i didn't mean to
offend you let's stay in touch it's not
what it looks like i'll find out for you
it's all good that makes sense i'm really
proud of you can i borrow this that's the
way it goes i can't wait to see you i
need your advice how do you feel about
that i'll figure it out later what's your
favorite movie it's a little complicated
i didn't know that it's better late than
never i didn't think about that that
sounds good to me can you believe it i
think we should go i hope you have a
great day let's take a break it's a win
-win situation i'm excited for the
weekend what are you working on i need a
favor let's not jump to conclusions i'm
not feeling well what brings you here can
we talk later i need some help it's nice
to see you let me know what you think i
appreciate your understanding i'm glad
you're okay what's going on i can't
believe my eyes i'd love to join you what
do you mean by that can i get you
something i didn't think that would
happen i hope you feel better soon you
have a point that's exactly what i needed
can you help me out it's always good to
see you i didn't expect that what do you
want from me i'll let you know i'm really
grateful for your help that's just how it
is i'm really enjoying this i can't help
but feel what's your opinion on this i'm
working on it i think we're making
progress how did that happen i'll be
right back it's been a while i need to
take a break i'm in a bit of a rush it's
a good start i wish i could help more
what's your favorite hobby i didn't know
you felt that way i'm sorry but i can't
i'm glad to hear that what's the plan for
today i'll make it work how was your
weekend can you show me i'm not really
sure what time do you want to meet it
doesn't matter i'm trying to stay
positive let's make it happen i think we
should talk can we take a moment what are
you thinking i'm sorry for the confusion
it was nice chatting with you what's your
favorite book i can't get enough of this
i'm feeling overwhelmed i'll keep that in
mind how about we do it later what's your
take on this i think you'll like it i'm
really busy at the moment i just need
some time alone what are we going to do
it's good to know i've been thinking
about you can you pass me that i
appreciate your help with this what do
you expect me to do i hope you have a
great time it's always a pleasure to see
you what do you want to talk about i
didn't realize that i think it's time to
go what's your favorite restaurant i'm
feeling a bit off today can we talk about
this later i appreciate your honesty what
are you excited about i'll have to check
my schedule i didn't think i'd like it
it's hard to say what's the best way to
do this let's grab a coffee sometime i'll
give it a shot what's your biggest goal
i'm really happy for you let's take it
step by step i'll do my best what do you
want to achieve i'm really looking
forward to it can we meet halfway i can't
thank you enough i'm all ears it's not
what i expected what's your opinion on
that i appreciate the offer what do you
enjoy doing it's a little tricky what are
your thoughts i can't make it today let's
keep in touch i hope that works for you
i'm looking for a way to what do you need
help with i'm trying my best it's worth a
shot what's your biggest challenge i
appreciate your perspective it's been a
pleasure working with you i didn't see
that coming at all how do you plan to do
that i think it's important i'm not sure
where to start i'd like to hear your
thoughts can we brainstorm together i'll
let you take the lead what are we waiting
for i'm feeling optimistic i'd like to
get your feedback it's all part of the
process i'll look into it i appreciate
your support what's the next step i'm
excited to see you i'll be thinking about
it i can't stop thinking about what do
you think about this idea i'm here if you
need me what are your thoughts on that
i'll figure something out i'm not a fan
of that it's important to stay focused
what's on your mind i didn't catch that
can we start over i'm really proud of
what we accomplished i think we're on the
same page i appreciate your patience how
do you feel about that it's good to see
you again i didn't realize how much i
missed this what are we doing next it's
just a matter of time i'm feeling really
motivated i'd like to discuss this
further what do you want to achieve with
this it's a great opportunity i didn't
mean to interrupt can we talk about this
later i'm really enjoying this experience
what's the best approach i'd like to hear
more about that i'm working on improving
my skills can you clarify that for me
it's a tough decision what's the first
step i'll make sure to follow up i
appreciate your enthusiasm what do you
want to get out of this it's been an eye
-opening experience how can i assist you
i'm trying to stay organized let's make
it work i'm looking forward to our
conversation what's your ultimate goal
i'm really grateful for your input can we
dive deeper into this i'm here to help
you what's the main issue i'll help you
however i can i didn't think about it
that way it's always good to learn
something new what are your expectations
i appreciate your dedication it's a
valuable lesson can we go over that again
i'm excited to explore this further i'll
keep you posted what's your strategy i'm
really glad we talked i didn't expect to
learn this much how do you want to
proceed i'm working on my presentation
let's wrap this up i appreciate your
creativity what's your perspective i'm
feeling a bit lost what are the next
steps i'm committed to making this work
i'd like to stay connected it's a
learning opportunity what's the key
takeaway i didn't think it would be so
challenging how do you see this
progressing i'm really enjoying the
process can we brainstorm some ideas
what's your vision for this i appreciate
your insight it's important to be open
-minded what's the most important factor
i'm looking for solutions can we take a
break i appreciate your feedback what are
your priorities it's been great working
together i didn't expect that outcome how
can we improve i'm committed to this
project what's the main goal i'm excited
to collaborate i appreciate your hard
work what are we trying to achieve it's a
great start can we meet to discuss this
i'm really happy with the progress what's
your approach i didn't think it would be
this rewarding let's set some goals i
appreciate your support throughout this
what's the most challenging part i'm here
to help you succeed it's important to
celebrate our wins what's the biggest
lesson learned i'm feeling inspired can
we have a follow -up meeting i appreciate
your willingness to help what's your plan
for the future i'm excited to tackle this
together it's a fantastic opportunity for
growth how can we make this better i
appreciate your time and effort what's
the next challenge i'm committed to
continuous improvement what's your
biggest takeaway it's great to have your
perspective i didn't expect to enjoy this
so much how do you plan to implement this
i appreciate your understanding of the
situation what's the best way to move
forward i'm looking for feedback on this
it's been a rewarding experience can we
schedule a follow -up i appreciate your
enthusiasm for this project what's the
most effective strategy i'm excited to
learn more how do you want to celebrate
our success i appreciate your openness to
ideas what's your main focus right now i
didn't expect to gain so much insight how
can we collaborate effectively i
appreciate your willingness to listen
what's your biggest concern i'm looking
to improve our communication it's a great
opportunity for collaboration how can we
maximize our efforts i appreciate your
commitment to excellence what's the most
important takeaway i'm excited about the
possibilities can we review our goals i
appreciate your constructive criticism
what's the best way to share information
i'm looking forward to our next steps how
do you see this unfolding i appreciate
your proactive approach what's the main
obstacle i didn't expect to face so many
challenges how can we enhance our
teamwork how can we enhance our teamwork
i appreciate your attention to detail
what's the best way to approach this i'm
excited to see where this leads can we
touch base on this later i appreciate
your input on the matter what's the
biggest advantage i'm looking for
innovative solutions it's a great
opportunity for learning how do you feel
about the progress i appreciate your
dedication to the project what's the most
critical issue i didn't think it would
turn out this well how can we improve our
efficiency i appreciate your willingness
to collaborate what's the main objective
i'm excited to see the results can we
discuss this further i appreciate your
thoroughness what's your biggest
challenge right now i'm looking forward
to the next steps how can we support each
other i appreciate your positive attitude
what's the most valuable lesson learned i
didn't expect to find so much value how
do you want to approach this project i
appreciate your willingness to adapt
what's the key focus moving forward i'm
excited to dive deeper into this can we
brainstorm some solutions i appreciate
your constructive feedback what's the
most pressing issue i'm looking for
effective strategies it's a valuable
learning experience how do you want to
proceed i appreciate your flexibility
what's the main challenge ahead i didn't
expect this to be so rewarding how can we
achieve our goals i appreciate your
commitment to success what's the best way
to tackle this i'm excited about the
journey ahead can we have a brainstorming
session i appreciate your dedication to
the team what's the most important factor
in this i'm looking forward to
collaborating further how can we
streamline our efforts how can we
streamline our efforts i appreciate your
input and suggestions what's the biggest
opportunity here i didn't think it would
be so enlightening how do you envision
this project i appreciate your hard work
and effort what's the most effective way
to communicate i'm excited about the
potential impact can we set some
benchmarks i appreciate your insight and
perspective what's the key challenge we
face what's the key challenge we face i
didn't expect to find such great insights
how can we enhance our collaboration i
appreciate your attention to detail
what's the most significant takeaway from
this significant takeaway from this i'm
looking forward to the outcome um you